New Resource: `azurerm_mobile_network_data_network`; New DataSource: `azurerm_mobile_network_data_network` (#20338)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/mobile_network_data_network.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Mobile Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_mobile_network_data_network"
description: |-
  Get information about a Mobile Network Data Network.
---

# azurerm_mobile_network_data_network

Get information about a Mobile Network Data Network.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_mobile_network" "example" {
  name                = "example-mn"
  resource_group_name = "example-rg"
}

data "azurerm_mobile_network_data_network" "example" {
  name              = "example-mndn"
  mobile_network_id = data.azurerm_mobile_network.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Mobile Network Data Network. 

* `mobile_network_id` - (Required) Specifies the ID of the Mobile Network. 

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Mobile Network Data Network.

> * `location` - The Azure Region where the Mobile Network Data Network should exist. 
> 
> * `description` - An optional description for this data network.
> 
> * `tags` - A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Mobile Network Data Network.

Reviewer: The Data Source is retrieving information about an existing item, so the general phrasing should be along the lines of "returns information about X" rather than "allows specifying a value for X"

```suggestion
* `location` - The Azure Region where the Mobile Network Data Network exists. 

* `description` - The description for this Mobile Network Data Network.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Mobile Network Data Network.
```

```hcl
data "azurerm_mobile_network" "example" {
  name                = "example-mn"
  resource_group_name = "example-rg"
}

data "azurerm_mobile_network_data_network" "example" {
  name              = "example-mndn"
  mobile_network_id = data.azurerm_mobile_network.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Mobile Network Data Network. 

* `mobile_network_id` - (Required) Specifies the ID of the Mobile Network. 

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Mobile Network Data Network.

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Mobile Network Data Network should exist. 

* `description` - An optional description for this data network.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Mobile Network Data Network.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Mobile Network Data Network.

## Import

> Mobile Network Data Network can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer 2: we should remove this bit
